Fix/XSUP-70632/Whois added default timeout (#44571)
demisto/content: Packs/Whois/ReleaseNotes/1_5_41.md

#### Integrations

##### Whois

> - Fixed an issue where the `domain` command could hang indefinitely whois server was unreachable during playbook execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the `domain` command could hang indefinitely if the whois server is unreachable during playbook execution.
```

> - Fixed an issue where the `domain` command could hang indefinitely if the whois server is unreachable during playbook execution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***domain*** command could hang indefinitely if the Whois server is unreachable.
```
